# DatabaseInsertionFunction

# User story
As a back-end developer, I would like a Java program (to be used as an API) for inserting a new record into the database.
This will speed up the addition of new data into the database and will provide greater convenience during the development and testing phase (removing the need for manual data input into the database, during testing). 

# Requirements
Produce a simple Java program for inserting a new data record into a postgreSQL database (with the three fields of the primary key (unique record number), timestamp (capturing the time of data insertion) and also a third field containing the JSON data)).

As the program will be used as an API (hosted by Amazon's AWS API gateway), the program will need to return the correct output (JSON data containing the necessary key-value pairs such as the header and body). 

The program will also need to be am AWS lambda function (so it can run on the API gateway), thus it is necessary for the handleRequest method to be the core method of the program (recieving the input as JSON data within the response body), ready to be created as a unique record within the database.

# Technical details
Example of JSON format that the input data will take (which will be inserted into the third field, of which the first two fields will have already been created by the code and the generated by the database respectively).

{
	"Project_ID": "002",
	"Artwork_Title": "The Last Supper",
	"Artwork_ID": "02",
	"User_Quote": [{
		"label": "starry",
		"size": 6
	}, {
		"label": "night  ",
		"size": 3
	}, {
		"label": "blue ",
		"size": 2
	}, {
		"label": "eyes ",
		"size": 2
	}, {
		"label": "know ",
		"size": 2
	}, {
		"label": "colors",
		"size": 2
	}, {
		"label": "understand ",
		"size": 2
	} ]
}
# Acceptance criteria
The end result should be a new record appearing with the database (with the three fields of the primary key number, timestamp and the input data stored within the final field).
The output of the program (which will be hosted as an API) should only be a message informing the user that the data has been inserted successfully, and will also show the unique primary key number of that new record (which will automatically be generated by the database). 
